

No meting of the DE&I Neurodivergence over coming cognitive fatigue in the first step since everything is none place  Step to perfect but just remove dash: ap Join Meeting to run this session through Meeting-to-Matter™. One recording becomes a compliance-ready attendance note, a sealed consent record, and a defensible matter trail — while you stay focused on the client. Becomes
ap Join Meeting to run this session through Meeting-to-Matter™. One recording becomes a compliance-ready attendance note, a sealed consent record, and a defensible matter trail, while you stay focused on the client.  Re: step 3 The same script, every time
The consent script above is standardised by the platform — identical GDPR-compliant wording, every fee earner, every session. Tap Connect to join and start recording.
  I feel the title should be more long the ligneof Consent Capture sytemized or GDPR and the text around the concept of your firm now having a implemented consent capture workflow (this is not present in any other tool to. My knowledge - as is the case of many features the dodoes nt mean it necessarily has to be said but keep this in mind when coming up with the text) Just another important thing I accidentally discover that when I tried to select the text tinside the step bible the joint meeting modal with the consent and everything also disappeared which would leave the prospect now lost on what to do since the step is stillremain on  3 but the action of pressing join. Meeting is no longer possible Now I can’t tap the highlie area. Only solution is I’ve had to re=fereshe the entire window but the average prospect s not going to eo that they will just get lost and fall off, this has to be resolved again on that concept of if any thing else other than the intern button for arts getpress itrelevant elements shouldn’t disappear snd the ability to just freely tap everything should be available this is guided tour main the control everything . When it is refreshed, and present, the guide box is blacken the actual button needing to be press obstructing which need s to be resolved. The concern copy in the modal should saslobe highland with a light blue colour like highlighter just os it bring the attention of the prospect to the exact script being mentioned. It must be so distracting that it takes a way the clear instruction understanding of pressing the button toiniitia the call  Re step 4 I’m just trying to confirm would it be not be better to address the consent capture here since tstep 3 is about being able to joingte call, you can only say the script and confirm consten after being connected to the call no? again remove dashes hyper and replace with Your client has agreed. Tap to automatically log it. Timestamped, GDPR Article 7 compliant, sealed to the audit trail. The same evidence standard every time.
  Again when pressing our selctintext or other area of the guide butble the relevant Ui has now disappeared so this isn aissue not exclusive to step 3 but for all and need to be sresovled as previously stated  We need a clear prompt to press the end call button before the text trasnicp come to an end, it does even require wait it can be prompted immediately for the next step right now there is no clear instruction, not highlight of the button to be pressed.  the current step 6 which may be a mother number after you address previously mentioned issue doe snot clearly stat where to press again the outline like for previous step is snot present or clear. Highigting documents on the left had Sid e is not clear enough the outline like for join meeting and the buttons is the way to go here too. Also I mention it copy should say 5 mins it should say under 60seconds Also make mention of document scooped So you entices that you already taken the document section so you don’t need to get the to press documents again.  realistically we should be getting them to at som point press the attendance note have and the the screen should automatically scale l ab it down so that the document is largely seen on the screen, they don’t have to manually scroll to the section and then we can get them to press trascipr and the same thins should happen the tablreieal the transcript (which needs to be redesigned slightly to visually represent the real colour of the diarised trascipt on the live version of the pap, righ now it sjust should all speaker the same colour which is not how it doe s it in the real app Also the attendance note ocuemt has incorrect formatting too large caps between sections soemthing is off - f0r example lots much spam between key discussion point and the actually body of the section - but this is also the case in the family matter attendance note and so appear to be a formatting issue through all created attendance notes, this need to be resolved so the document looks proper we wouldn’t have hafl a page of white space for no reasone  regarding case actions step I don’t even know where that button is or where to press to action the sms  it is not clear I can’t even be sure at this point that Is correctly coded if so I need to know for sure it is and how to access as I on’t no way too prsss and can’t see an highlighted area either   So i’m essentially stuck at this point
