#74 - Three Active Bugs to Fix

What and Why

Three bugs are causing visible failures in the live application. All three must be fixed before any further demo work proceeds.

Done Looks Like
Demo Generator form loads and accepts input without a JavaScript crash overlay
Obligations Approve All button in the main app works without errors
SMS Verification Send Code button on share links fails gracefully, rather than exposing a raw 500 JSON error to the user
Out of Scope
Changes to the demo tour flow
Changes to the share link creation UI
Twilio credentials management, assume credentials already exist in environment variables
Tasks
1) Fix useNewNoteShortcut crash
Issue

event.key can be undefined on synthetic or accessibility keyboard events. The current code calls event.key.toLowerCase() without guarding for that case, causing a TypeError and blocking the Demo Generator form.

Required Fix

Add a guard before calling toLowerCase():

if (!event.key) return;
Expected Outcome

This prevents the crash overlay and allows the Demo Generator form to load and accept input normally.

2) Fix Obligations approval error
Issue

The Obligations section uses ActionItemsViewer. The Approve All button calls:

POST /api/cases/:id/action-items/approve-all

This is currently returning a 500 error.

Required Fix

Investigate and resolve the failure in the bulk-approve route handler and/or the related storage method.

Likely causes include:

missing null checks
invalid assumptions about returned records
database constraint issues
attempting to update records that do not meet approval conditions
Required Behaviour
Fix the underlying 500 error
Add defensive error handling in the route and storage layer
Ensure the UI surfaces a meaningful error message rather than crashing or failing opaquely
Expected Outcome

Clicking Approve All in Obligations works successfully in the main app without a server error.

3) Improve SMS verification error handling
Issue

When POST /api/share/:linkId/send-sms fails, for example if Twilio returns an error, the UI currently surfaces a raw 500 JSON-style toast:

{"message":"Failed to send SMS. Please try again later."}

This is not acceptable user-facing behaviour.

Required Fix

Keep the underlying SMS send attempt exactly as it is. This is a UX improvement only.

Replace the raw error exposure with the following user-friendly message on the share link SMS verification page:

"We could not send a verification code. Please check your number and try again, or contact the sender directly."

Expected Outcome

If SMS sending fails, the user sees a clean, helpful message rather than raw server output.

#75 - Demo Tour Overhaul, Full Guided Flow

What and Why

The guided demo at /demo/:practiceArea requires a full rework of its highlight behaviour, step sequencing, visual treatment, lead capture, and cross-section button visibility.

The current 16-step tour has several critical UX issues, including:

spotlight drift on scroll
the guide appearing before modal content has settled
missing dual highlight treatment on left-panel items
no proper walkthrough of the audio player
no guided Secure Share modal flow
no auto-launch booking at the final conversion moment

This task addresses the full guided experience end-to-end.

Done Looks Like
Highlight Stability
Black spotlight ring stays locked to its target element on page scroll, sidebar scroll, and across layout changes
Step 4, Log Consent, guide only appears after the modal has fully rendered and settled
No top-left jump artefact
Left-Panel Highlight Treatment

Every step that spotlights a left-nav item shows:

a yellow semi-transparent highlight wash over the nav item
the existing black spotlight ring around it

This applies to:

Documents
Obligations
Sessions
Undertakings
Consent Evidence
Audit Trail
Step Flow, Correct Sequence From Step 6 Onward
Step 6: nav-sessions is spotlighted and auto-clicked, first session card auto-expands to show audio player
Step 7: audio player is highlighted, guide explains playback availability, cursor moves to Play button, retention countdown reads exactly: 6d 23hrs 58mins
Step 8: cursor moves to transcript expand area within the expanded session, guide explains diarised transcript stored alongside audio
Step 9: nav-documents is spotlighted and auto-clicked, guide explains attendance note compiled in under 60 seconds
Step 10: Attendance Note tab is spotlighted and auto-clicked
Step 11: screen scrolls back to top, button-case-actions is spotlighted, guide says: “Opening case actions to send a secure link”, cursor animates to button, dropdown auto-opens
Step 12: action-share in dropdown is spotlighted, cursor animates to it, auto-action fires
Step 13: Secure Share modal guided walkthrough, email/name fields highlighted, then SMS checkbox highlighted, then Send Secure Link button highlighted, lead data captured to backend
Step 14: nav-obligations is spotlighted and auto-clicked, yellow wash plus black ring, guide explains obligations captured from the recording, Extract button highlighted
Step 15: nav-consent is spotlighted and auto-clicked, yellow wash plus black ring, guide explains consent is sealed
Step 16: nav-audit is spotlighted and auto-clicked, yellow wash plus black ring, full audit trail region highlighted including scroll area, guide explains tamper-evident log
Step 17: Case Actions opened again, cursor animates to Prepare SRA Matter Report, modal appears, guide explains what the report covers, cursor highlights Compile Report button
Step 18: “The gap is real” appears as a full-screen centred impact moment, booking flow auto-launches immediately after user taps Finish
Cross-Section Button Visibility

Join with LegalNote and Case Actions remain visible in the top-right action bar across all left-panel sections except:

Sessions
Notes
Time Recording

Those three keep their own section-specific actions.

Lead Capture

When the guided flow walks through the Secure Share modal in Step 13, the entered:

email
name
mobile number

are stored in a new demo_leads table with:

email
name
mobile
practiceArea
createdAt

If the table does not exist, create it via schema migration.

Final Conversion

After Step 18 Finish is pressed, the Calendly or booking modal already present through DemoCtaBar or the existing Book a call link launches automatically. The prospect should not need to manually notice and click it.

Copy Tone
No AI-sounding language anywhere in the tour copy
Do not use words like generated or automatically extracted
Prefer: compiled, captured from the recording, assembled
No em dashes
Keep Meeting-to-Matter™ where appropriate
Out of Scope
Changes to the TTS voice scripts, keep existing endpoint, update visible copy only
Changes to actual Twilio SMS send during the demo, mock is acceptable
Rebuilding the Demo Generator itself
Tasks
1) Fix spotlight coordinate bug
Issue

The spotlight ring uses position: fixed but currently adds window.scrollY to rect.top, which is incorrect for fixed-position overlays.

The tooltip position calculation has the same issue.

Required Fix

Use raw viewport-relative coordinates only:

use rect.top
do not add window.scrollY

Apply the same correction to tooltip positioning.

Keep the existing 300ms polling interval in place so the spotlight remains locked to elements inside scrollable sidebar containers.

Expected Outcome

Spotlight ring and tooltip remain correctly aligned during page scroll, sidebar scroll, and layout changes.

2) Fix Step 4 modal timing
Issue

Step 4 targets demo-consent-confirm, which sits inside the meeting setup modal.

The guide currently appears before the modal has rendered at its final position, causing a visible jump from top-left into place.

Required Fix

Delay Step 4 guide mount until:

the target element is confirmed visible
its bounding rect is non-zero

Use the existing elementMissing polling loop rather than a hardcoded timeout.

Expected Outcome

The guide appears only once the modal has fully settled, with no jump artefact.

3) Add yellow wash highlight for left-panel nav items
Requirement

For any tour step targeting a left-panel nav item:

nav-sessions
nav-documents
nav-obligations
nav-undertakings
nav-consent
nav-audit

render a semi-transparent yellow wash in addition to the existing black spotlight ring.

Style

Use:

background: rgba(253, 224, 71, 0.35);
Implementation Rules
overlay must be position: fixed
must match the element’s bounding rect exactly
must update on the same 300ms polling cycle as the spotlight ring
Expected Outcome

Left-panel spotlight steps feel visually deliberate and consistent.

4) Rebuild tour step sequence, Steps 6 to 18
Requirement

Redesign the post-cinematic tour to follow the sequence below exactly.

Step 6
Spotlight nav-sessions
Auto-click it
Dispatch a programmatic click on the expand button of the first session card
Delay guide render until SessionDetails panel is mounted
Step 7
Spotlight audio-player-container
Add this test ID to the SessionDetails AudioPlayer wrapper if missing
Show retention text exactly: 6d 23hrs 58mins
Add data-testid="audio-retention-countdown" inside SessionDetails
In demo mode, this span must always display that exact fixed string
Step 8
Spotlight session-transcript-preview
This should be the inline transcript snippet inside SessionDetails when expanded
Add test ID if missing
Step 9
Spotlight nav-documents
Auto-click it
Guide explains attendance note compiled in under 60 seconds
Step 10
Spotlight tab-attendance
Auto-click it
Step 11
Scroll to top
Spotlight button-case-actions
Use animatedCursor, autoClick, and autoAction
Guide says: “Opening case actions to send a secure link”
Step 12
Spotlight action-share
Animate cursor to it
Fire auto-action
Auto-close dropdown
Advance to Secure Share modal guide
Step 13a to 13c, Secure Share modal

Use three sub-steps:

13a: email and name fields
13b: SMS checkbox
13c: Send button

Each advances on a Got it click.

For the final sub-step, use autoAdvanceMs after a simulated send.

Step 14
Spotlight nav-obligations
Auto-click it
Yellow wash plus black ring
Guide explains obligations are captured from the recording
Highlight Extract button
Step 15
Spotlight nav-consent
Auto-click it
Yellow wash plus black ring
Guide explains consent is sealed
Step 16
Spotlight nav-audit
Auto-click it
Yellow wash plus black ring
Highlight full audit trail region including scroll area
Guide explains tamper-evident log
Step 17
Re-open Case Actions
Animate cursor to Prepare SRA Matter Report
Show modal
Explain what report covers
Highlight Compile Report button
Step 18
Render “The gap is real” as a full-screen centred impact card
Not a tooltip
Tapping Finish auto-triggers booking flow
Versioning

Bump TOUR_KEY to v9.

5) Cross-section Case Actions visibility
Issue

In CaseDetail, Join with LegalNote and Case Actions currently only appear for the Documents section.

Required Fix

In sectionActions, extract the Join with LegalNote plus Case Actions button group into a shared variable.

Apply it as the action bar for all sections that do not already define their own distinct action.

Apply To
obligations
briefing
compliance
consent
supervision
activity
sharing
audit
external
undertakings
aml
Do Not Change
sessions
notes
time

These sections should keep their own specific actions.

Expected Outcome

The final tour can reliably return the user to Case Actions from later sections.

6) Lead capture backend and frontend
Requirement

Add a new demo_leads table to the Drizzle schema with:

id serial primary key
email
name
mobile
practiceArea
practiceAreaLabel
createdAt
API

Add:

POST /api/demo/leads

Requirements:

no auth required
rate-limited
Frontend

In PublicDemo, when the user advances past the Secure Share modal guide step:

extract the values typed into the email, name, and mobile fields
POST them to the new endpoint

Capture values through React state held in a new DemoLeadCaptureContext wrapping the modal sub-steps.

Expected Outcome

Lead details are silently stored during the guided flow without interrupting the demo.

7) Final conversion auto-launch
Issue

At present, the user is expected to manually click the CTA bar or booking link after the final tour step.

Required Fix

In the tour’s handleComplete function, immediately trigger the booking flow.

Use the existing booking mechanism:

if there is a Calendly modal or handler, call it directly
if the CTA opens a URL, call:
window.open(url, "_blank")
Expected Outcome

When the user taps Finish on the final step, booking launches immediately and naturally.

Implementation Rules
Do not compress the sequence
Do not reorder the guided flow unless explicitly stated above
Do not replace specified copy tone with AI-sounding language
Do not use em dashes in tour copy
Reuse existing infrastructure where possible, but prioritise correct behaviour over minimal changes
Validate each task against the Done Looks Like section before considering it complete