Attendance not is duplicated.
I feel that you need to be able to clcik a session and be brought to the main case view for that particula session so you can view it as you would when you first click a case file (as in document view)

also i noticed when i ddi add an addtional meeting note session the audio didn;t automattically transcibe and gerneate the relevenat documents. and to this time its still ahas a status of transcribing. this needs to be fixed why was the audio not porocess automattically and properly transcript attendance note etc.

im also a littl confused on the inclusion fo matter record in the docuemtn view (i'm not sayin we need to fully rmove, but i do not want it to seem. like an unnecessry duplciaiton taking up real estate on the page.)

Also re: Join with legalnote, i"m concious that we need to have certain workflow guardrails and we don't want ot create workflows that contradict the complainace led element of the platform but i'm also awre that tere may be time when solicitors need to impropmtly join a meeting without much prior notice and they may not have time to creat a casse initially, so is it vaible ot creat a work flow that laloows them to join via legalnote and then after the end of the call the platform can identify if this has not already beeninitialed within a case alreaedy coreated, it tthn alklow for the solicitor to set this all up after wred, this could especially be relevant for internal tema meetings. so far we've focused solely on meetins with client for fee earning, but not general meetign or internam team meeting etc.

I initially feared that this would lead towrad an interpretation f legalnot being less niche if the idea of general meeting are a use case within legal note, but inrealist it may not be the priamry selling point but it should be a feautre workflow provided since you don't fee earner to turn to zoom ai transicprt or copilot since we haveng provided a means for them to gain the sam ealue. The issue being that an attendance note is not neccesarily goin got be approaprie for tema meatin r general meeting sothe docs generated template etc would need to take this into consideration - keep to get your thoughts on all of this witha clear consice gameplace to execute moving forwared.