I'm potentially considering it, just because I want to reduce the amount of information to make it cleaner. So, for example, where I see in recent cases where it says completed, I don't necessarily think that completed needs to be there, especially as it is black and contract review meeting audio expires in 12 hours is also black. So there is a real distinction between the two. I'm trying to make the overall user experience as clean as possible. With regards to pending, it may be a good feature to have present, but again I can't really see too much of a situation where pending will be that important. Since, essentially, once the recordings or the audio is uploaded or recorded, then it's going to be done straight away. Or, is this pre-empting a potential scenario where multiple recordings might be uploaded manually at a later date? So, for example, when a client may have a situation arise where potentially, well, I can't see a situation when it arrives, because in order to have the recording done, client consent has to be gotten. And by getting client consent, that means it's going to be going through our Legal Note AI app. So there's not really or there shouldn't be a need for a consent system when multiple uploaded meetings would need to be transcribed and dealt with with the application at the same time. Again, I don't know if I'm overthinking or if actually this is actually useful to have, if there would be a situation where pending would be relevant. But I feel as if when it comes to completed, that's not necessary. Maybe a tick or maybe completed can show up but then disappear. It's not necessary for it to stay on the screen all the time. I don't know if there's another suggestion you may have on that as well. The other thing I'm thinking is that with regards to the quick record button, I've had a thought with regards to compliance. Whilst we want that speed of being able to have meetings recorded and started pretty much instantaneously with that five second buffer. But again, from a compliance perspective, I feel that we may have overlooked the consent aspect, the consent feature in the quick record feature. That is extremely important from a compliance point of view and I don't know what kind of approach can be done to address this. Since we want the functionality and the speed and the spontaneousness and the ability to be able to record quickly. But we also cannot overlook or ignore the need for the compliance issues around client consent.