Lara Post Examples:

1. If I had to build my personal brand from 0 in 2026...

I'd follow this exact playbook (It's FREE)

This is exclusive content I give my clients only.
So I'm deleting it in 42hrs, forever.

See, content creation is a non-negotiable right now.

Business owners are making millions because of it.
And honestly, I'm tired of seeing people sleep on this.

I filmed a 30min breaking how to create content.

Even if you're a founder or CEO THIS is for you.

I covered:

1. The 3 Strategies you need to position yourself FAST.
2. How to build a brand without having anything to sell
3. How to build a brand while you have a service to sell
4. How to create content that ACTUALLY works in 2026
5. 3 Examples of content that gets LEADS everytime
6. How to build a cult-like audience not just followers

And honestly, a behind-the-scenes look at how I view content in 2026 (after maintaining growth for 3 years).

So my friend, if you want 2026 to be THE year...

Let's get started, shall we?

Repost ♻️ this so it reaches EVERYONE.

PPS: What is everyone doing for NYE???!!!

2. pov: you woke up on january 1st and decided to change

this photo is a daily reminder of what is possible.

look, today at any point, you can change who you are.

you can become more productive.
you can change your appearance.
you can become sucessful.

who you are is not set in stone.

i lost 20kg, built a $2M business and found my purpose.

all because i decided to rewire my brain and grow faster.

you don't need a vision board.
you need to break old habits and patterns.

you're not broken.
you just need to change how you think.

believe in yourself enough, i believe in you.

this 2026 give yourself the chance to go all in.

you'd be surprised how much you can change in 1 year.

ps: drop your goals in the comments, i'll tell you how to actually achieve them

repost ♻️ this to motivate others!

3. I just collected 51 of my favorite high-performing hooks:

(use these if you want to go viral in 2026)

You don't need 100,000 followers to grow online.
You don't need 10,000 followers.

You just need to create scroll-stopping content.

I've used these hooks all year long.
And it's taken my clients from 0 to 100s of likes in days.

They’re proven hooks pulled from:

→ Viral campaigns that generated 7+ figures
→ Posts with 100,000+ impressions in 24h
→ Content that actually got leads for people
→ Founders who write content and make money

And for the next 42hrs, I made them free for you.

Want the full swipe file?

Grab it here: https://lnkd.in/ebcWF9bX

This is the 1 thing that will help you beat writers block.

Start 2026 the right way, use these as a guide and post your first Linkedin post before the year ends.

PS: Drop one creator who always has the best hooks below - my favorite lately? I'll drop in the comments :D

4. I’ve tried 97% of the AI tools for content creation.

If you want to blow up your content, use these 6:

Content and AI is all I do.

I write every single day.
I ran an agency that wrote for 100s.
I re-write posts and make them viral every week.

All by myself, without a team to write.

The tool stack is small, but highly effective.

(Repost + save ♻️ for later!)

1. 1of10: for "unique" hooks and ideas
2. Kleo.so to turn those ideas into validated content
3. ChatGPT projects to build a content system
4. Otter AI to get content ideas from all my calls
5. Poppy AI to turn my posts into YouTube videos
6. Capcut to make short-form videos fast

Now, the tools are great.

But the way I use them is what makes them work.

I recorded my entire workflow for you (FREE).

Click here to watch it now: https://lnkd.in/ex87VYjn

Look, the winners of 2026 aren't the ones who use AI to write. They're the ones that write, using AI.

Big difference here.

PS: What AI tool did I miss? I keep my stack super small!

5. pov: you turned 28 and you're richer than ever.

i never thought i'd be able to build generational wealth.

in fact, i probably haven't if we look at it from the typical point of view where it's only about money.

generational wealth to me is all about friendship.

see, everyone on LinkedIn is obsessed with success.
i personally am one of them at times.

we want the frameworks.
we want the systems.
we want results.

but... as someone who's somewhat gotten success, the biggest hack to creating success wasn't a system.

it was the people I surrounded myself with.

true wealth that can't be measured in an excel sheet.
but that is truly felt when everything is going wrong.

from day 1 my network has been my biggest "hack".

above all, I prioritised connection over conversions.

and sure, I don't make as much money as people who consistently try to monetise their connections here.

but I can 100% say, I'm rich.

rich in support.
rich in friendships.
rich in knowledge.

today, I celebrate you reading this.

you're part of that wealth.
your support is felt and love is seen.

what a privilege it is to be alive in the same universe you are alive in too. thank you, my friend. I love you.

PS: Tag 1 person below who you celebrate your "wealth" with.
i want to celebrate them too!

6. How I turned 1 video into 3 viral posts in >10 minutes:

My "easy-mode" format I use on LinkedIn (& beyond)

In 2026, the BEST format to go viral is image + text.
And to actually make it work you need to master:

A) The written content (so it reaches a wide audience)
B) The image (so it stops every single person's scroll)

Let me break it down:

To master "viral" writing in your content, you need:

1. A broad hook addressing a universal pain point
↳ "if you don't have motivation, read this:"

99% of people relate, so it's easy to get them to read.

2. Social proof within the first two lines
↳"The most successful people i know"

This establishes trust and shows it's not generic info

3. Use formatted storytelling to land the message
↳"Most people have fear, I certainly do..."

Tell a story in short sentences instead of paragraphs.
Use a variation of sentence lengths (for skimmability)

4. Use a depth x platitude formula

Take a cliche quote and expand on it.

"You won't learn if you don't try... so do this:"

This makes the post easily memorable but also insanely valuable to someone who's never read your content.

You can also use kleo.so to help you write this.
Copy & paste this post to it and use it as a reference.

To master the "viral" image you need:

1. A text hook that is broad and 'shareable'. This post worked because it's designed to be saved and shared.

2. An image format that "feels" personal. The format of this is a podcast clip split in two which is serious yet personal, as you can only see me and the quotes.

Bonus hack: use authority signals.

I used:

• "The most successful people I know" - social proof
• Podcast set for "borrowed" credibility
• No branding so it feels genuine

This viral post took me 10 minutes to write.
And gained me thousands of followers along the way.

Content doesn't have to be hard.

You just need to use the right keywords to reach 10x more people.

Save this post, implement it and lmk how it does!

Repost ♻️ this so everyone goes viral in 2026.

PS: This is the ultimate repurposing strategy, no extra work! This is why I love writing the most! Easy to reshare
7. I've taken some time off LinkedIn recently...

Posted 3x last week. Engaged for less than 60 mins.

Here's what I did instead:

Spent time studying the underground businesses that are quiet online, but making waves offline.

Just like I did when I started my journey 3 years ago.

Look where no one else is looking.
Adapt their strategies and win.

One that I've been watching closely? Airwallex

They just hit 1 billion ARR.
And an 8 billion valuation!

But it took them 9 years to get there.

A reminder that consistency compounds.

I loved this the most because of how they did it

1. Focused on product-market fit
2. Built global-first from day one
3. Solved a real pain (payouts)
4. Scaled slow, not fast
5. Didn't chase trends

And the 1 key lesson I'm taking from this insane milestone...

They figured out how to make their product sticky.

Build a product people don't just want, but need.

Billion-dollar idea right there, just look at airwallex.

Congratulations to the team once again, and thank you for inviting me over to the Arsenal Game to celebrate! Can't wait to keep learning!

https://lnkd.in/ekcg9kY8

8. This 1 free lead magnet made me $11,358.

Here's my mini masterclass (so you can copy me).

Look most lead magnets suck - they don't convert.
They're too long. Too fluffy. Too generic.

Here's 6 steps to make one that "prints" money:

1. Define the ideal transformation your client wants.
2. Break down the journey to get there (in steps).
3. Choose the format (email/notion/zoom).
4. Give 𝘪𝘯𝘤𝘰𝘮𝘱𝘭𝘦𝘵𝘦 information in it.
5. Add CTA's at the end of each lesson.
6. Promote it using content weekly.

Look, you don't need 10 lead magnets.
You just need a highly effective one.

The best entrepreneurs do exactly that.

Give enough information to solve a problem.
But not enough to replace your paid solution.

Almost like... this post ;)

If you want to see me break down how to build, market and grow your business through content and email...

My first ever Black Friday offer is here: https://lnkd.in/e4RKsGx9

You can grab Literally Academy for 50% OFF.

This expires in 12 days, so be quick!

PS: How are we guys? Let's catch up below!


This are a few example for you to use