even haven't performed in front of thousands and another adult say that to be funny but I'm just being realistic performed for video music videos and concerts and stages but for some reason I've never felt more comfortable to actually share the truth of my reality then I have since I've actually been on LinkedIn there's no other platform that I've really felt lack comfortable to do that and I'm sure that some of the comfortability I've gained all the confidence confidence but the realisation of having that happen on LinkedIn will probably also translate onto other platforms later one but I don't know if it's just because I truly do believe in legal or not because of mature as a person and I've actually see the value in my independent story as a poster you know at times when I was younger even examples being that when I was practising the flu and doing the flute for 23 hours I didn't always want to do it. Sometimes I wanted to play out with my friends and I know that some of the friends on the estate would hear me play the flute and I'd hear what they hear me practising. I need to hear it through the window and you know even though that my friends they still chuck and laugh no Jazz can't come out cause he's at that time you know I will need to go out now when I look back. I'm actually happy that I was exercising my discipline to do that because I look at where I am. I look at where they're in a funny way. I'm very happy with what it's been able to be achieved on the contrary when I was doing music production the same thing would happen. I'll be blaring music until 23 in the morning and I'd hear it and they would actually really like it so it's kind of been both angles but you know I've never really been comfortable to speak about things like my visual impairment although with something that impacted the decisions on making and how I am as a person and every single day he just so happy that I've got a visual impairment that people can't really see so we do it considerable it has a dramatic impact. It's not something that people can see so they don't really treat me different and then I learn to adapt and just like I had to do from a state to Royal College from you know as we spoke about music to corporate and everything else so it's just been just been a continuous journey of pivoting and I do feel like sometimes I've lost a bit of my identity at times because you know when I was a musician I didn't really wanna talk about the businesses I was involved in trying to build business. I didn't wanna talk about music when I was at work. I don't wanna talk about the music business or the music is career I've had when I was in music. I don't wanna talk about corporate environment like just because I had to embrace everything as one and that's something that I'm coming to realise this essentially my soup anyone Super Bowl but just being transparent enough to do that. 